How did you hurt your leg like this?
Let you treat you
Why the hell are you talking so much nonsense?
Xu Tao, wait for me
I will definitely make you pay
Mr. Zhao, I have the same idea as you.
Xu Tao, did I accidentally hurt you?
It doesn't hurt
Just when I was pinched
Almost thought you saw me
It's too milk, it's fine
Thank you for protecting me
Before me
Misunderstood about you and other women
Sister Meng, you have to believe that I only love you
However, Zhao Zixuan will definitely not be executed
It's not safe with me during this time
Why don't you go out and hide
It is detected that Xu Tao has obtained the system again.
Killing Xu Tao rewards immortality hahahahaha
Xu Tao, you are dead this time
No wonder Xu Tao bought my company
It's all about these things
But this thing is a little unsafe, isn't it?
Isn't it just that the mission failure will be erased by the system?
I believe I must not fail